QUESTION
Janet’s ducks lay 16 eggs per day. She eats three for breakfast every morning and bakes muffins for her friends every day with four. She sells the remainder at the farmers' market daily for $2 per fresh duck egg. How much in dollars does she make every day at the farmers' market?
ANSWER
Janet sells 16 - 3 - 4 = <<16-3-4=9>>9 duck eggs a day.
She makes 9 * 2 = $<<9*2=18>>18 every day at the farmer’s market.
#### 18

RUNNING 0
0 0
-------------PROMPT-------------
Janet’s ducks lay 16 eggs per day. She eats three for breakfast every morning and bakes muffins for her friends every day with four. She sells the remainder at the farmers' market daily for $2 per fresh duck egg. How much in dollars does she make every day at the farmers' market?
0 torch.Size([1, 75]) 280
OUTPUTS torch.Size([2, 1575])
token_inputs torch.Size([1, 75])
---- INDEX ----
0
---- THINKING ----

---- CONTENT -----
This is a complex or challenging question, and it is difficult to provide a direct and correct answer. I need to think about it.
Well, let's tackle this problem step by step. So, Janet has ducks that lay 16 eggs per day. Then she eats some for breakfast and bakes muffins with some, and the rest she sells at the market for $2 each. We need to find out how much she makes daily at the market. Alright, let's break down what happens each day.

First, total eggs per day: 16. Got that. Now, she eats three for breakfast every morning. So that's 3 eggs she doesn't sell, right? Then she bakes muffins for her friends every day with four. Wait, "bakes muffins for her friends every day with four"—does that mean she uses four eggs for muffins each day? The problem says "with four," so probably four eggs per day for muffins. Let me make sure I'm interpreting that correctly. Like, if it's "bakes muffins... with four," maybe it's four eggs per batch? But no, it says "every day with four," so I think it's four eggs per day used for muffins. Let's go with that for now; if it doesn't make sense, we can revisit.

So, eggs eaten for breakfast: 3 per day. Eggs used for muffins: 4 per day. Then the remainder is sold. So total eggs used (eaten + muffins) is 3 + 4 = 7 per day? Wait, hold on, is there a trick here? Let's read again carefully: "She eats three for breakfast every morning and bakes muffins for her friends every day with four." Hmm, "every day with four"—maybe "with four" is the number of eggs per day for muffins? Yeah, that seems right. Like, she uses four eggs each day to make muffins for friends. So total eggs consumed by her (breakfast) and muffins is 3 + 4 = 7. Then remaining eggs are total minus consumed, which is 16 - 7 = 9? Then she sells those 9 at $2 each, so 9*2=18? Wait, but hold on, is there a possibility that "bakes muffins... with four" means something else? Like, maybe four muffins? But no, the problem says "bakes muffins for her friends every day with four"—the key is it's about eggs, since the rest is sold as duck eggs, so the muffins are made with duck eggs, so the "four" must refer to eggs.

Wait, let's check the problem statement once more to be safe: "She eats three for breakfast every morning and bakes muffins for her friends every day with four." The phrase "with four" is a bit ambiguous in English, but in math problems like this, usually, when they say "bakes muffins... with X" where X is a number, and the context is eggs, it's the number of eggs used. For example, if it said "uses four eggs for muffins," that would be clear, but "bakes muffins... with four" might mean she uses four eggs to make muffins each day. Let's see if the numbers work out to a nice number, which they probably do for a problem like this.

Total eggs: 16. Eaten: 3. Muffins: let's say M eggs. Then sold: 16 - 3 - M. Then sold for $2 each, so total money: 2*(16 - 3 - M) = 2*(13 - M). Now, what's M? The problem says "bakes muffins for her friends every day with four." Maybe "with four" is the number of muffins, but each muffin uses one egg? Wait, that might be a stretch. Wait, no, the problem says "she sells the remainder at the farmers' market daily for $2 per fresh duck egg." So the selling is per egg, so the muffins must be made with eggs, so the "four" must be eggs used for muffins per day. Otherwise, if it's muffins, we don't know how many eggs per muffin.

Wait, another angle: maybe "every day with four" is a translation issue or wording issue, but in standard math problems like this, when they say "uses X for something" daily, it's per day. Let's think of similar problems. For example, "a chicken lays 10 eggs a day, eats 2, uses 3 for cooking, sells the rest..." so yeah, usually, the numbers given for consumption are per day. So here, eats 3 per morning (so 3 per day), bakes muffins with 4 per day (so 4 eggs per day for muffins). So total used: 3 + 4 = 7. 16 - 7 = 9 sold. 9*2 = 18. Hmm, that seems straightforward, but let me check if maybe "bakes muffins for her friends every day with four" means she bakes four muffins every day, and each muffin uses one egg? Wait, but that would still be 4 eggs per day for muffins, so same as above. Wait, maybe that's the case. Like, if you bake a muffin with one egg, then four muffins use four eggs. So either way, if it's four muffins per day, each using one egg, that's four eggs. So probably, regardless of interpretation, it's four eggs per day for muffins.

Wait, is there a chance that "three for breakfast every morning" is three per morning, but since it's every morning, it's one day, so three per day? Yeah, that's what it means. "Every morning" but per day, so three eggs each day for breakfast. So total per day: 16 eggs.

Let's list out the steps again to be clear:

1. Total eggs laid in a day: 16
2. Eggs eaten for breakfast: 3 (per day)
3. Eggs used for muffins: 4 (per day, as per "bakes muffins... every day with four" – I think "with four" is the quantity, so four eggs per day)
4. Eggs remaining to sell: total - eaten - used = 16 - 3 - 4 = 9
5. Price per egg sold: $2
6. Total money from market: 9 * $2 = $18

Wait, but hold on, is there a possibility that "bakes muffins for her friends every day with four" means she uses four eggs per muffin? But no, that would be weird. Like, "bakes muffins with four" – maybe "four" is a typo? But the problem says "with four," so probably four eggs. Let's see if the problem is from a source that might have standard interpretations.

Wait, another thought: maybe
---- INDEX ----
957
---- THINKING ----
